Read in Laser form OpenPMD file (#866)
Hi-PACE/hipace: docs/source/run/parameters.rst

* ``lasers.3d_on_host`` (`0` or `1`) optional (default `0`)
    When running on GPU: whether the 3D array containing the laser envelope is stored in host memory (CPU, slower but large memory available) or in device memory (GPU, faster but less memory available).

* ``lasers.input_file`` (`string`) optional (default `""`)
    Path to an openPMD file containing a laser envelope. If this parameter is set then the file will
    be used to initialize all lasers instead of using a gaussian profile.

* ``lasers.openPMD_species_name`` (`string`) optional (default `laserEnvelope`)

>     Name of the laser species inside the openPMD file to be read in.

Reviewer: Species is a bit confusing here, I suggest other naming (could also be e.g. `lasers.openPMD_envelope_name`).
```suggestion
* ``lasers.openPMD_laser_name`` (`string`) optional (default `laserEnvelope`)
    Name of the laser envelope field inside the openPMD file to be read in.
```
